Permissions Documentation + New Cover (#13473)
twentyhq/twenty: packages/twenty-website/src/content/user-guide/settings/permissions.mdx

---
title: Permission

> info: Learn how to manage workspace sharing, create, and assign roles, and customize permissions for objects, settings, and general actions.

Reviewer: What does workspace sharing refer to?

image: /images/user-guide/permissions/permissions.png
sectionInfo: Learn how to manage permissions in Twenty.
---

## Share a Workspace

To invite workspace members:

1. Go to **Settings > Members**
2. Either:
    - Copy and share the workspace invite link, or 

>     - Enter the member's email, then click **Invite**.

Reviewer: no dots on bullet points i think

Invited members will appear on the members list. Use the search bar to find members.

## Create a Role

To create a new role:

1. Go to **Settings > Roles**
2. Under **All Roles**, click on **+ Create Role**

> 3. Enter a role name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose a role name
```

4. In the default **Permissions** tab, configure permissions
5. Click **Save** to finish

## Delete a Role

To delete a role:

1. Go to **Settings > Roles**
2. Click on the role you want to remove
3. Open the **Settings** tab, then click **Delete Role**
4. Click **Confirm** in the modal

Note: If a role is deleted, any workspace member assigned to it will be automatically reassigned to the default role. All except the **Admin** role can be deleted. There must always be at least one member assigned to the **Admin** role.

## Manage Member Roles

### View Roles and Assignments

To view roles and their assigned workspace members:

1. Go to **Settings > Roles**
2. Click any role to view its details and assignments

### Reassign a Role

To reassign a role: 

1. Go to **Settings > Roles**
2. Click on the role you want to assign
3. Open the **Assignment** tab
4. Click **+ Assign to member** 
5. Select the workspace member
6. Click **Confirm** in the modal to remove the previously assigned role

Note: New members are assigned to the default role when they join. You can customize the default role and its permissions on the **Roles** page.

## Customize Permissions

> Permissions determine what each role can access or modify within your workspace, including workspace objects, settings, and actions.

Reviewer: and I would say workspace objects records* :)

> ### Object Permission

Reviewer: other section have plural permissions - maybe Objects Permissions?

Control access to records and fields:

- Under **All Objects**, choose permissions like **See Record**, **Edit Records**, **Delete Records**, or **Destroy Records** to apply them across all objects
- Under **Object-Level Permissions**, add custom rules for individual objects. These settings override the default set under **All Objects**.

To override parent permissions and apply stricter controls:

- Click **X** next to the permission to remove the parent rule
- Select the specific permissions you want this role to have for the selected object 
- To undo an override, click the orange **Undo** icon (circular arrow)

> When finished, click **Finish** to save your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When finished, click **Finish** then **Save** once redirected to the role page.
```

Finish does not save anything yet !

### Settings 

You can manage a members' access to workspace settings in two ways:

> - Granting full editing rights to all workspace settings by toggling **Settings All Access**, or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Granting full rights to all workspace settings by toggling **Settings All Access**, or 
```

> - Enable permissions for specific settings (e.g., API keys, workspace preferences, users, roles, data model, security, workflows)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable permissions for specific settings (e.g., API keys generation, workspace preferences configuration, roles configuration and assignment, data model configuration, security settings, workflows usage)
```

### General

> Grant or restrict access to general actions:

Reviewer: I think we should choose then stick to one common word or group of words for workspace settings and not use workspace settings / general actions / application rights
